We don't do cleaning.
Get out
Don't step on our floor, you misunderstood.
We are here to attend Gu Lao's thank you banquet
Do you know where this is?
Triumph Yunting
The top hotel in Qinzhou
Inherited for a hundred years
The governors of Qinzhou in successive dynasties personally managed
People who come and go are not expensive
Tie up your clothes
I'm afraid it's less than 200 bucks.
When to enter and exit the hotel depends on the grade of the clothes.
and
I specially told Nyingchi Zhou Gu Lao's thank you banquet
Anyone can participate
As long as you are grateful
Even the most destitute beggar
Boy, you want to pick up girls and play prestige
Don't go out to make trouble completely
You don't even know how you died
You still told the Governor of Qinzhou
Why didn't you say you wanted the number Reichen?
What about the thirty-third family of Zhou?
I think they are too powerful
It's an eyesore
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
Let's go to the small town, let's go
You're a little self-aware.
Look at the old thank you banquet
I didn't want to pursue it
But since you say so, fine
Today I'm going to start
You walk in.